Simplifed Fastly-IO documentation (#2052)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/content_management/images/fastly_io.md

# Fastly Image Optimizer (Fastly IO)

The Fastly Image Optimizer (Fastly IO) is an external service that provides real-time image optimization for multiple input and output formats.
It serves and caches image requests from your origin server, making your website faster and more efficient.

To be able to configure this feature, you need [Fastly IO subscription](https://docs.fastly.com/en/guides/about-fastly-image-optimizer).

## Enable shielding

To use Fastly Image Optimizer, you first need a [working setup of Ibexa DXP and Fastly](reverse_proxy.md#using-varnish-or-fastly)
with shielding enabled.
To enable shielding, follow the steps in [Fastly developer documentation](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/concepts/shielding/#enabling-and-disabling-shielding).

> Remember to choose a shield location from the **Shielding** menu, as described in [Fastly user documentation](https://docs.fastly.com/en/guides/shielding#enabling-shielding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember to choose a shield location from the **Shielding** menu, as described in [Fastly documentation](https://docs.fastly.com/en/guides/shielding#enabling-shielding).
```
To differentiate from our user documentation

Reviewer 2: I actually introduced "user" here, because one sentence up we are linking to Fastly developer doc.

> To use Fastly Image Optimizer, you first need a [working setup of Ibexa DXP and Fastly](reverse_proxy.md#using-varnish-or-fastly)
> with shielding enabled.
> To enable shielding, follow the steps in [Fastly developer documentation](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/concepts/shielding/#enabling-and-disabling-shielding).
> Remember to choose a shield location from the **Shielding** menu, as described in [Fastly user documentation](https://docs.fastly.com/en/guides/shielding#enabling-shielding).

Reviewer 3: Now that there is a dedicated Fastly page, it might link directly there.
(I don't know how to link directly to the section with the dynamic title `Quickly configure Fastly for use with [[= product_name =]]`.)
If shielding wasn't enabled, maybe the snipped was installed either. If this paragraph works as a check-list, maybe it should mention it.

```suggestion
To use Fastly Image Optimizer, you first need a [working setup of Ibexa DXP and Fastly](fastly.md)
with shielding enabled.
To enable shielding, follow the steps in [Fastly developer documentation](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/concepts/shielding/#enabling-and-disabling-shielding).
Remember to choose a shield location from the **Shielding** menu, as described in [Fastly user documentation](https://docs.fastly.com/en/guides/shielding#enabling-shielding) and to add the "Re-Enable shielding on restart" snippet.
```
